As you can see, the world is changing in the age of AI, but are people and companies or governments preparing properly? KBS interviewed the vice president of Microsoft, Brad Smith, who visited Korea. I heard what kind of role people should consider in the world where AI will change and what kind of work they are preparing with Korean companies. Thank you for sharing with us, Sam Kim. Hello Deputy President Northam. The founder of Microsoft and vice president of Microsoft Bill Gates are well known in Korea. We did an interview together then. We had questions for people who wonder who is Brad Smith, the vice president of Microsoft. I asked him a question. I won't complain. I saw the New York Times a few days ago, and it said that Samsung is reviewing a way to switch its search engine from Google to Microsoft. Did you have any discussions with Samsung? Not on this visit. I mean, that's obviously a decision that Samsung will make. But we really do believe that AI can make the whole search experience better. In a sense, we're still searching in 2023, about the same way we did 20 years ago. So if we can persuade Samsung or others to provide a better service to people, I think we would be delighted to do that. You invested $10 billion in OpenAI. That's over $13 trillion in Korean money. Can you tell us more about MS's specific goal to achieve through AI? Microsoft is really focused with OpenAI on creating what we call the AI supercomputing infrastructure. We provide the technology on which OpenAI builds these models. And then we provide the data centers, including in Korea, so that people are accessing them. But I think our goal fundamentally is to take technology to a higher level. Let me ask you a few questions about AI. First of all, will the age of technology help humanity or threaten humanity? And the answer is, the impact it has on humanity is a double-edged sword. It all depends on how human beings use it. And I think our role is to identify where there are risks and put in safeguards or guardrails to protect against its abuse. AI is a machine. It's the job of us as humans to worry. It's my job, our job at Microsoft to worry. It's our job to hope. For half a year, you said that we should stop developing high-tech AI. What is MS's position on this? I think we should ask ourselves less about what we should stop doing and ask ourselves more what we need to start doing. I would much rather use the next six months to speed up work with governments, to identify how we get the best value out of this technology, how we improve schools and opportunities for students, how we use it to advance healthcare, how we put new rules in place. If we just stop for six months, I don't think the world is going to look very different in September or October than it does today. In a country with a high education rate like Korea, students and parents may be curious about this. AI answers all our questions, but what do we study for? Is it possible to get rid of studying thanks to AI? From the perspective of Korean companies, what do you think is the area where you can gain strength? Is there a plan for Microsoft to cooperate with Korean companies in this area? In the end, it was an interview to look back on the era of technology, which is that it is not AI that takes responsibility for the future, but people who make and use it. I hope to see you again with better technology. Thank you for your time today. Microsoft Mechanics www.microsoft.com www.microsoft.com
